Improve setup profiles for demo and acceptance (#522)
kitconcept/volto-light-theme: docs/how-to-guides/upgrade-guide.md

If you've applied these behaviors to other content types, you'll need to create a custom upgrade step based on this one to update those content objects accordingly.
The [provided upgrade step](backend/src/kitconcept/voltolighttheme/upgrades/v20250321001.py) serves as a helpful reference implementation.

### `Anontools` component removed from headers
```{deprecated} 6.0.0-alpha.22
```

The `Anontools` component was included side by side the site actions.

> If you want to get it back you can add it as a header action by adding it to the `headers_actions` field, provided by the `voltolighttheme.header` behavior in the `kitconcept.voltolighttheme` add-on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to restore it, you can add it as a header action by adding it to the `headers_actions` field, provided by the `voltolighttheme.header` behavior in the `kitconcept.voltolighttheme` add-on.
```
